Fix/text input props addition (#440)
razorpay/blade: .changeset/twelve-hounds-compete.md

---
"@razorpay/blade-old": patch
---

> on keyboard press and text align props addition in TextInput. Text Align can take values left, right and center. On Keyboard Press will take native event as argument. These props are optional

Reviewer: It's `onKeyboardPress` or `onKeyPress`? Seems to be `onKeyPress` in https://github.com/razorpay/blade/pull/435 PR

Reviewer: https://github.com/razorpay/blade/blob/c3be4be2085659412a84d2edea59f62c7caf2b22/packages/blade-old/src/atoms/TextInput/TextInput.native.js#L504

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onKeyPress` and `textAlign` props addition in `TextInput`. `textAlign` can take values `left`, `right`, and `center`. `onKeyPress` will take native event as argument. These props are optional
```
